chorable/docs/user-stories.md, before:

# User Stories
Given the narrative for Chorable, I have broken down the front facing actions
the user can take. 

## Landing Page
As a whitelisted user...
- [ ] I want to `getStarted`
    so that I can participate in Chorable

## Dashboard (main)
As a user...
- [ ] I want to increase my bet
    so that I can be assigned less chores next week
- [ ] I want to see the pool I can win this week 
    so that I want to do chores
- [ ] I want to see this week's leaderboard 
    so that I can see how likely it is I will win the pool
- [ ] I want to see my assigned chores
    so that I can complete a chore and win back money
    + [ ] I want to complete all my assigned chores chores
        so that I can unlock access to winning the pool/chore immunity (unlock
        `allChoresList`)
- [ ] I want to see my bet
    so that I can reason why I was assigned those 
- [ ] I want to complete a chore
    so that I can win x money back (x = totalWeeklyBet/2 / numAssChores)
- [ ] I want to confirm someone else's chore
    so that I can be assigned chores of lesser effort
- [ ] I want to unlock all chores (by doing assigned)
    so that I can win the pool and chore immmunity next week
- [ ] I want to do more chores not assigned to me   
    so that I can win the pool and chore immunity next week

## Scripts
- Add an address to the whitelist

Commit message:

Updated Design and user-stories to reflect project status

chorable/docs/user-stories.md, after:

# User Stories
Given the narrative for Chorable, I have broken down the front facing actions
the user can take. 

## Landing Page
As a whitelisted user...
- [ ] I want to `getStarted`
    so that I can participate in Chorable

## Dashboard (main)
As a user...
- [ ] I want to increase my bet
    so that I can be assigned less chores next week
    + [ ] Design
- [ ] I want to **this week's pool**
    so that I want to do chores
    + [x] Design
- [ ] I want to see **this week's leaderboard**
    so that I can see how likely it is I will win the pool
    + [ ] Design
- [ ] I want to **see my assigned chores**
    so that I can complete a chore and win back money
    + [x] Design
    + [ ] I want to complete a chore
        so that I can win x money back (x = totalWeeklyBet/2 / numAssChores)
    + [ ] I want to complete all my assigned chores chores
        so that I can unlock access to winning the pool/chore immunity (unlock
        `allChoresList`)
- [ ] I want to see my bet
    so that I can reason why I was assigned those 
    + [x] Design
- [ ] I want to confirm someone else's chore
    so that I can be assigned chores of lesser effort
- [ ] I want to unlock all chores (by doing assigned)
    so that I can win the pool and chore immmunity next week
- [ ] I want to do more chores not assigned to me   
    so that I can win the pool and chore immunity next week

## Scripts
- Add an address to the whitelist
